# CubeMX adapter

This plug-in is designed to adapt projects generated by the *CubeMX* program to work in *VSCode*.

## Instruction

- Calling the main window of the plug-in is carried out by the command `CubeMX adapter: Home`.

- When using the plugin for the first time, you need to set up the paths to the main tools (*gcc compiler* and *openocd*). This can be done at the bottom of the home page.

- To adapt the CubeMX-project, perform the following steps:
    1. Create and customize a project for yourself in the *CubeMX* program, choosing **Makefile** as a *Toolchain / IDE*.
    2. After generating the project in the *CubeMX* program, open the project directory in *VSCode* and go to the plugin home page (`CubeMX adapter: Home`).
    3. Press the `Adapt for VSCode` button to adapt the project to work in *VSCode*, while the necessary changes will be added to the makefile. If you need to adapt the project to work with C++, then click the `Adapt for C++` button.
    4. Select the debugger you use from the drop-down list and click `Apply`.
    5. To be able to view the status of the microcontroller's internal registers in debug mode, download the *.svd* file. To do this, press the `Load SVD` button and select the desired microcontroller in the list that appears. After that, the selected *.svd* file will be loaded into the main project directory.

- During development, you may need to add source files, include directories, and defines to your project. These actions can also be carried out on the main page of the plugin.

## Remark

This extension will be updated over time.
